gabarytowy dimensional
gabinet office
gacić fascine
gacki bats
gacz slack
gadane talking
gadatliwość verbosity
gadatliwy talkative
gadulec chatterbox
gadzinowy creeping
gafa blunder
gagatek favorite
gaik boscage
gajówka blackcap
galanciej fancy
galaretnica jellyfish
galaretować jell
galimatias hodgepodge
galman calamine
galopada whirl
galwanizacja plating
galwanizować electroplate
galwanotyp electrotype
gałązkowy ramal
gałecznicowate roundworms
gałganek finery
gałganiarz ragman
gałganica hussy
gałgański scurvy
gałkowaty spheric
gałucha scum
gałuszka nutmeg
gama range
gangsterstwo racketeering
ganiący chasing
ganić reprove
gaolan sorghum
gapić stare
gapiowaty careless
garbaciej sloppy
garbarnia tannery
garbarz tanner
garbata humped
garbić slouch
garbowiny tannins
garbowskość hunchiness
gardłacz blunderbuss
gardłować clamor
gardzić despise
garłacz bluffer
garmaż delicacy
garnąć cuddle
garncarz potter
garncarzowate potterids
garncarzowy potter's
garownia proofing
garściowacz handcher
garściowaczka meatball
gasić extinguish
gasnąć fade
gatunek type
gatunkować sort
gatunkowizm speciesism
gatunkowy species
gawęda tale
gawędziarka storyteller
gawędziarstwo storytelling
gawędziarz raconteur
gawiedź mob
gaworzyć babble
gazdować advertise
gazdówka bookcase
gazeciarz newsboy
gazetowe newspapers
gaziarz newsman
gazowany fizzy
gaździć sprout
gąbczak pumice
gąbczastość sponginess
gąbczasty spongy
gąbkowaty mushy
gądek smack
gądziel bush
gąsawskość crawliness
gąsienicznik ichneumon
gązewnikowaty spheroidal
gburzysko mugger
gdakać cackle
gderacz croaker
gderać nag
gderalskość scornfulness
gdybać begging
gdysiejszy once
gdziekolwiek wherever
genialny brilliant
georginia dahlia
germinacja termination
germinalny final
gestor administrator
gestyjność dexterity
geszefciarstwo profiteering
geszefciarz speculator
geszeft speculation
getry leggings
gębacz pecker
gębobicie pounding
gębować chumble
gędziec roost
gędźby mouths
gęgliwość honesty
gęgotać churn
gęsiarek crawlers
gęsiarka dunger
gęsiorek demijohn
gęstawy thickish
gęstościomierz densimeter
gęstowie dens
gęstwa thickets
gęściuchny thickened
gęślarz wandering
giąć bend
gibki lithe
gibkość suppleness
gibnąć run
giczoł stump
giełdowicz stockist
giełdowy exchange
giełdziarz stockjobber
giemza chamois
gierczyć play
gierkowskość playing
giermek squire
giętarz triter
giętcej bending
giętki flexible
gięty bent
gilgotać bubbling
gilowy bullfinch
gilty cutters
gilza thimble
ginąć die
gipsiarz plasterer
gisernia foundry
glancpapier paper
glanować kick
glazurnik tiler
glazurować luster
glebogryzarka tiller
glejta litharge
glewik spout
ględziarz saller
ględzić harp
glicynia wistaria
gliniany earthenware
gliniastość loam
glinizacja clayization
glinkarz clayman
glinoberyl aluminoberyl
glinoorganiczny organoaluminium
glinoporyt claypore
glinowce alumina
gliny cops
glista worm
glistnica ascariasis
glistnik celandine
glutek slime
glutowaty slimy
gładkolufowy smoothbore
gładkomózgowie smoothbrain
gładyszek smoothie
głaskadełko stroking
głasnąć pet
głaszczka cauldron
głaszczyn strands
głaz stone
głąbiasty hollow
głąbieć poke
głąbielowate cephalidae
głąbik scape
głąbowatość deepness
głębić dig
głębinowiec submarine
głębocznica sunken
głębosz subsoiler
głęboszować subsoil
głodomór starveling
głodówkowicz starving
głodówkowy starvation
głosić proclaim
głoska phone
głoskowiec phonococcus
głoskowski voicovsky
głosy voices
głośnikowy speaker
głośność volume
głowacica huchen
głowaczowate cephalopods
głowiakowate headworms
głowiasty headed
głowienka brand
głowinka shovel
głowizna brawn
głownia firebrand
głowniowaty scaly
głowniowiec blade
głowotułów cephalothorax
głożyna jujube
główczyckość headness
główczyzna mainland
główkorzut headscrew
główkowaty capitate
główkowy headstock
główniej mainly
główny main
główszczyzna headland
głuchawo deafly
głuchawy muffled
głupkowatość inanity
głupstwo foolishness
głupszy dumber
głuskość profanity
głusza wilderness
głuszczarz woodworker
głużyć stomp
gmach building
gmaszysko fabric
gmatwacz confusing
gmatwać confuse
gmerać rummage
gmin municipalities
gmina community
gminność commune
gnacisko mud
gnać speed
gnetowaty shaggy
gnębiąco oppressively
gnębicielski oppressive
gnębicielskość oppressiveness
gnębić oppress
gniazdko outlet
gniazdkowaty nestled
gniazdnicowce nestbirds
gniazdosz nestosz
gniazdownik nestling
gniazdowy socket
gnida nit
gnidzi pores
gnieść crush
gniewliwość irritability
gniewliwy irritable
gniewno angrily
gniewny angry
gniewoholizm angerholism
gniezdny stellar
gnieźnik nestlet
gnijący putrescent
gnilcowy scorbutic
gnilny putrefactive
gniotowce rotisseries
gnojarz lout
gnojek stinker
gnojeńskość dunginess
gnuśnieć laze
gnuśność laziness
gnykowy hyoid
godło emblem
godny worthy
godowy festive
gody mating
godzianowskość desirability
godzić reconcile
godzieskość decency
godzina time
godziwiej fairer
godziwość fairness
gofrować emboss
gogusiowaty foppish
goguś dude
goić heal
gojąco healing
goleniowskość shininess
golfik turtleneck
golfy turtlenecks
golibroda barber
golić shave
golizna destitution
golteria shavings
golubskość idleness
golusi shaves
goluteńki barefoot
gołańczanka pigtail
goławość slowness
goławy dirty
gołąbki doves
gołąbkowce lovebirds
gołębiarz sniper
gołębię squab
gołębiowaty dovish
gołobrody barebeards
gołogłowy bareheaded
gołosłowność flatness
gołosłowny unfounded
gołowąs cub
gomołówka mess
gomóła lame
gomółka lump
gonciarka shaker
goniatyty chases
gonitwa race
gonność urgency
gonty shingles
gońcowy bishop
gończak hound
gończyk hunk
gorajskość zealousness
gorącogłowy hothead
gorączka fever
gorączkotwórczy pyretic
gorączkowość feverishness
gorączkowy hectic
gorczańskość mustardness
gorliwiec zealot
gorliwość zeal
gorliwy zealous
gors bosom
gorseciarski corsetry
gorszość inferiority
gorszyciel scandal
gorszyć shock
gorzelniany distillers
gorzelnik distiller
gorzknia quassia
gorzko bitterly
gryzoń rodent
grzebiące rummaging
